https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPXUeeFXc90	 10 Years - Wasteland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bM75pbEryrA	 2 Chainz - 2 Dollar Bill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQZMaG1eO74	 2 Chainz - No Lie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmWWqogr_r8	 21 Savage - A Lot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IL2N7d4WXzw	 A Perfect Circle - By And Down The River
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_KhWud4sUA	 A Perfect Circle - Get The Lead Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nShkRKrozrA	 A Perfect Circle - Hourglass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTgKRCXybSM	 A Perfect Circle - Judith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmWhY_irAXE	 A Perfect Circle - Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDvfbvuJtS8	 A Perfect Circle - The Doomed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzyNWyZhUS0	 A Perfect Circle - The Outsider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liZm1im2erU	 A$AP Rocky - Fuckin' Problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srlSAxxvfXE  A Grave Mistake - Ice Nine Kills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_O003Cvwlc  All That Remains - This Probably Won't End Well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2cRj9Z96PQ	 All That Remains - What If I Was Nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4sqFmSqrSc  Anberlin - Feel Good Drag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHBMVPtWK6I  Atreyu - Doomsday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYq6pqlanEg  Atreyu - Ex's & Oh's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3sE9kPoiiJE  Atreyu - Falling Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4jmOPivM7U  Atreyu - House Of Gold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ss_JgjdxX40  Atreyu - The Time Is Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuV4lkO7fR8  Atreyu - When Two Are One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVjBCT2Lc94	 Avenged Sevenfold - A Little Piece Of Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anbrb2u9GYI	 Avenged Sevenfold - Bat Country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bDg7n-chhU	 Avenged Sevenfold - Beast And The Harlot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imwmmv9r1oE	 Avenged Sevenfold - Buried Alive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4DjjMXOjQo  Bad Wolves - Remember When
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxE4ngu78Ro  Blackbear - Idfc (Tarro Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrZSXNHHXdI	 Breaking Benjamin - Angels Fall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbJ7XnYtprM	 Breaking Benjamin - Blow Me Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlqkG4XD2ok	 Breaking Benjamin - Breath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWaB4PXCwFU	 Breaking Benjamin - Diary of Jane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cs-sOlIZAks	 Breaking Benjamin - Sooner Or Later
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L888I03ZPHM	 Breaking Benjamin - Torn in Two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgBsLRAtgY4	 Bullet For My Valentine - Hearts Burst Into Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=678lqE0b0hY	 Bullet For My Valentine - Letting You Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dv4lwcA12Uk	 Bullet For My Valentine - Radioactive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sTQ0QdkN3Q	 Bullet For My Valentine - Tears Dont Fall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHgFJEJgUrg	 Bullet For My Valentine - Your Betrayal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfD6V8b1zco	 Chevelle - Face to the Floor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MRLd1Cgbdg	 Chevelle - Hats Off to the Bull
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpyRI1j9t6c	 Chevelle - Send The Pain Below
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0fCzvAdR3E	 Chevelle - Take Out the Gunman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OP3Yhs8q7oM	 Chevelle - The Clincher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzV3x9vGmGw	 Chevelle - The Red
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnkV6qdjUWw	 Chevelle - Vitamin R
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svyLMR7yjhU	 Coheed and Cambria - Here To Mars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltD0hQ1rVMM	 Coheed and Cambria - Queen of the Dark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsoD6RVulcQ	 Coheed and Cambria - The Gutter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_r5sK1CvsY8	 Coheed and Cambria - The Pavilion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0H3RlaQVrM	 Coheed and Cambria - Welcome Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gU8VXkEalOs	 Cold - Happens All The Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Aiw_6zktFM	 Cold - Stupid Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QWxrFwZldU	 Cold - Suffocate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FEDrU85FLE	 Crazy Town - Butterfly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjxOGOklszs	 D12 - Blow My Buzz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlytqMUyyyk	 D12 - Fight Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttWQK5VXskA	 D12 - My Band
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTyjzLVGtmY	 D12 - Purple Pills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8ygfX0BavM  Dirty Honey - When I'm Gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEbJ4qLiMu0	 DJ Fresh - Gold Dust (Flux Pavilion Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qg4NkA1B9Pc	 Dr Dre - Forget About Dre
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7yPhExdj3E	 Dr Dre - Still Dre
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVqS3tB8OtE	 Drake - Nonstop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0Gx2VTCnr4	 Drake - Uptown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXe_RHF5JYU	 Eminem - Go To Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxQTY-W6GIo	 Eminem - Killshot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV2ssT8lzj8	 Eminem - No Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE8maHPE9x0	 Eminem - Superman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytQ5CYE1VZw	 Eminem - Till I Collapse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSdKmX2BH7o	 Eminem - We Made You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbytR2avo-0	 Eminem - Without Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_VsvZmIWxY	 Five Finger Death Punch - Bad Company
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9VFg44H2z8	 Five Finger Death Punch - Wash It All Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_l4Ab5FRwM	 Five Finger Death Punch - Wrong Side Of Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8NQUbLQGio	 Five Finger Death Punch ft Kenny Wayne Shepherd, Brantley Gilbert & Brian May - Blue On Black
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDvr08sCPOc	 Fort Minor - Remember the Name
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1VLaXoRRdk	 Freestylers - Cracks (Flux Pavilion Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32ACo892OZ8  From Ashes To New - My Name
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0Ao4t_fe0I	 Ghost - Cirice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGUwV0yS-L4	 Ghost - Dance Macabre
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFQwpHVolCE	 Gorilla Zoe - Hell of a Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HofQQhDv0Rg	 Gorillaz - Clint Eastwood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyHNuVaZJ-k	 Gorillaz - Feel Good Inc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhbMbiYb5bg  Greta Van Fleet - Black Smoke Rising
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJg4OJxp-co  Greta Van Fleet - Highway Tune
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxbT5jSxGJ0  Greta Van Fleet - Safari Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86_vnQc1oBE  Greta Van Fleet - When The Curtain Falls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2pa-Eb4wLE  Greta Van Fleet - You're The One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeO03cdClE0  HELLYEAH - Welcome Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2D1WqYbXpY	 Highly Suspect - Bloodfeather
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKcIedFBiVU	 Highly Suspect - Little One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ev-bR9ii7Gs	 Highly Suspect - Lydia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5-gja10qkw	 Highly Suspect - My Name Is Human
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRVOOwFNp5U	 Hopsin - Ill Mind of Hopsin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPHHudm0NTY	 Hopsin - Nocturnal Rainbows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jc1BoiPj4Kc	 Hopsin - Picasso
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTUb25hZhVU	 Hopsin - The Purge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORjsNOOtO58	 Horizons - Wearing Thin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_K36y-iLUk	 Hot Hot Heat - Bandages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_8liFfmtig	 Hot Hot Heat - Middle of Nowhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXMfdpjnAHU	 In This Moment - Adrenalize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiISkKOP_9I	 In This Moment - Black Wedding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqdYHnulCms	 In This Moment - Oh Lord
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzFUESHaDJk	 In This Moment - Sex Metal Barbie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03X0B6u-AxM	 In This Moment - Sick Like Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMsZ6wkZWhA	 Incubus - Dig
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgT9zGkiLig	 Incubus - Drive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nqRkAsZumc	 Incubus - Stellar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zI1eLwVuSeI	 J Cole - Can't Get Enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EixT3caIuxM	 J Cole - Kevins Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ue5oHmUGiMM	 J Cole - No Role Modelz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVYQ1GctUJU	 J Cole - Once An Addict
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AI0gk2KJeho	 Juicy J - Bandz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MV_3Dpw-BRY	 Kavinsky - Nightcall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrDfSZ_6f4U	 Kid Cudi - Day 'N' Nite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JHohGMYT5Y	 Kid Cudi - Erase Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xzU9Qqdqww	 Kid Cudi - Pursuit Of Happiness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--y1IUN63Vc	 Kid Cudi - Sky Might Fall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyDcktys9EU	 Kid Cudi - Soundtrack To My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grPfVlj7Go4	 Kid Cudi - The Prayer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bhqKLGeqpk	 Kid Rock - Cowboy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HANCzu70us4	 Killswitch Engage - In Due Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUDls2PgDUY	 Killswitch Engage - My Curse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EluzTj88tWU	 Killswitch Engage - The Arms of Sorrow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiDnB-CrrNs	 Killswitch Engage - The End Of Heartache
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7_uKDsv7HM	 Kodak Black - Codeine Dreaming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEzmr3_Dmv8	 Korn - All In The Family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R61j4AkQBlM	 Lil Nas X - Old Town Road
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sesUrzFWlQ0	 Lil Wayne - Bank Account
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1l9NLOiQUk	 Lil Wayne - One Night Only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHZtMNbrmWE	 Lil Wayne - Right Above It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBYaBY4k08w	 Lil Wayne - Rollin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNg7FM6uGjA	 Lil Wayne - Something You Forgot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaGG9dUneXg	 Lil Wayne - UOENO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQYt6xsMdBU	 Lil Wayne - When They Come For Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cb24kLd459Y	 Limp Bizkit - Eat You Alive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyAAwCu-Lu4	 Limp Bizkit - Ready To Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QWOc0HnItM	 Limp Bizkit - Rearranged
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RHa3s0sv44	 Linkin Park - Crawling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJ7HG0R_30w	 Linkin Park - Forgotten
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EelmYYEYJGk	 Linkin Park - Points of Authority
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYozaAkmf2o	 Linkin Park - The End
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfqsEpjEtrw	 Logic - Homicide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmZCFakA8LQ  Mac Miller - Loud
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUvVdTlA23w	 Marilyn Manson - Sweet Dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ypkv0HeUvTc	 Marilyn Manson - The Beautiful People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_J_VpmXAzqg	 Marshmello ft Omar LinX - Keep it Mello
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8C-ZTQJIkU	 Massive Attack - Paradise Circus Zeds Dead Remix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Aw1WnNVcYw	 Mastadon - High Road
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlKBJ4t_fYo	 Mastadon - Sleeping Giant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWFWazj7Ud8	 Mastodon - The Motherload
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEPKIulCEhQ	 Megadeth - Symphony Of Destruction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUfkqYWxLjk  Memphis May Fire - Heavy Is The Weight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sh5S3OxiE-s	 Metallica - No Leaf Clover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YinYm4mbpvQ	 Metallica - The Day That Never Comes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bt7kAVxKfs	 Metallica - The Unforgiven II
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIh3nO6-V_A	 Metallica - Whiskey in the Jar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBWhc4qbsjo	 Metro Boomin - Space Cadet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anbrb2u9GYI	 Mudvayne - Happy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdaKwt5cHEk	 My Darkest Days - Porn Star Dancing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7BjFq6VAbY  New Years Day - Shut Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4lTMOmH8Dw  Nine Inch Nails - Into The Void
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwvLlEtxX3o  Nine Inch Nails - Only
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jAyfGzSaz0  Nine Inch Nails - Right Where It Belongs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pev0dINRaok  Nine Inch Nails - The Great Below
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKWqClYNPAA	 Omar LinX - Jackie Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OYw7FPB7CE	 Pantera - Cemetery Gates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxVACta6dbA  Papa Roach - Lifeline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCP3DpOVi7A  Papa Roach - Not The Only One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJsIk7nJQ_0	 Papa Roach - Scars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XA9BX8ln0uM	 Plies - Awesome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7aAKMzi4zw  Polyphia - Look But Don't Touch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDI187v1Jao	 Puddle of Mudd - She Hates Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPzF8IK0eN0	 Puscifer - Cuntry Boner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dR3ccmWmLhk	 Puscifer - Momma Sed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHZonzHWjQc	 Puscifer - Polar Bear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAuEb9L_Kvg	 Puscifer - Potions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4d4yB-cm6E	 Puscifer - Rev 22:20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrQOBcFfEj0	 Puscifer - The Mission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9_dZCk3LFU	 Puscifer - Vagina Mine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ9rUzIMcZQ	 Queen - Bohemian Rhapsody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPYUOiwUOj8  Redlight King – Lift The Curse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRA9weGrNWA  Red Sun Rising - Emotionless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1cj2M_Mprw  Red Sun Rising - The Otherside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8X3ACToii0  Rise Against - Savior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70hIRnj9kf8  Rise Against - The Good Left Undone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTFjkkOBIk0	 Rob Zombie - Pussy Liquor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAkjKzfzBLE	 Rob Zombie Marilyn Manson - Helter Skelter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFGZwSwweXc	 Saving Abel - Addicted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYyarcp5LtU	 Scorpions - Still Loving You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDRQXrRtE5M  Scott Stapp - Purpose For Pain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDKM181eTsM  Seether - Breakdown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPC2Fp7IT7o  Seether - Broken ft. Amy Lee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkJzemljk8s  Seether - Driven Under
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qP6JDLQF23g  Seether - Rise Above This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJQW_GjUxhw	 Seether - Same Damn Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2kAGtpJrsA	 Sevendust - Enemy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6sIK2KnhH8  Shinedown - MONSTERS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAXCNeAk7-0  Skillet - Legendary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mjlM_RnsVE  Skillet - Monster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBwYFX9hHMI  Slaves - I'd Rather See Your Star Explode
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFc-2aNZ6VY  Soil - Halo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ja-u3xKXkYM  Staind - Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7NH4_KgWrk  Staind - Price To Play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3A27bHME73I  Sum 41 - Out For Blood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSvFpBOe8eY	 System Of A Down - Chop Suey!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZc1T3oxh_A	 System Of A Down - Hypnotize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VBiJvJfC0Q	 System Of A Down - Lonely Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Am3mycbR4C4	 System Of A Down - Question!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqZNMvIEHhs	 System Of A Down - Spiders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UW2QoShtHgE	 Tech N9ne - Like I Ain't
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=miCDAI3gUW4  The Amity Affliction - Drag The Lake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vu3xGr-lNVI  The Amity Affliction - Pittsburgh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zikwS1yVog4  The Amity Affliction - Set Me Free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWTF17JwGSY  The Amity Affliction - The Weigh Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNHEK3BLRR4  The Black Keys - Fire Walk With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yCIDkFI7ew  The Black Keys - Gold On The Ceiling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JILfwu5AWIQ  The Black Keys - Lo/Hi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_426RiwST8  The Black Keys - Lonely Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kH0c71-PMiY  The Black Keys - Tighten Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzmgvfSVnKI  The Blue Stones - Be My Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8XIgR5OGJc	 The Chainsmokers - Don't Let Me Down (Illenium Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eU4ZvfkmOck	 The Game - Ali Bomaye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr9Kaa1sycs	 The Lonely Island - Finest Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQlIhraqL7o	 The Lonely Island - I Just Had Sex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AltMeuPkWRs	 The Offspring - Pretty Fly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oP5S04q6sVo  The Score - Dreamin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YrWsmlJSiw	 Theory of a Deadman - Bad Girlfriend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lxINyZxbgU	 Theory of a Deadman - Lowlife
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MenYdlF-8yw	 Theory of a Deadman - Rx
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8ZrufUt2zw  Three Days Grace - Right Left Wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvM3YwmDfwE	 TI - Go Get It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmIO-RSOYzQ	 TI - Poppin Bottles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZ4vKm3Z5eY	 TI - Rubber Band Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5lIWti4VUw	 TI - What You Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMSZALOGF_M	 Tom Petty - Mary Jane's Last Dance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIxRZ31ewS0	 Tom Petty - Roll Another Joint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQ2x0AUkDdw	 Tool - H
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fj-10lIrboM	 Tool - Right in Two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMMz2VwbhVI	 Tool - Schism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hglVqACd1C8	 Tool - Sober
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2F_hGwD26g	 Tool - The Pot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9jNBuEqD4E	 Velvet Revolver - Dirty Little Thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JhsUFuqbCM	 Velvet Revolver - Fall To Pieces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Hqe3jMHhvA	 Velvet Revolver - She Builds Quick Machines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKz2U4fvA4U	 Velvet Revolver - Slither
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptro0vwRMaA  Volbeat - Last Day Under The Sun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIEW0NvLy8A	 Voltang - Garbage People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YH_3F9gETc	 Wale - Bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPNFVj-pISU	 White Zombie - Thunder Kiss '65
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8MratH51eY  Yelawolf - American You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ndpryp2OlUQ  Yelawolf - Till It’s Gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk3vjIDuy9w  Young Guns - Bones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CiXZ23Unec	 Young Jeezy - Fame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fWZ0cwAp94	 Young Jeezy - Hustlaz Ambition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xwpQk0GIPs	 Young Jeezy - Last Of A Dying Breed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDSfUceFoR4	 Young Jeezy - Put On Tampa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtC3Vtq-1ns	 Young Jeezy - Soul Survivor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AQr06ZUlR0	 Zeds Dead ft Omar LinX - Out For Blood
